BS: For our visualization assignment #3, I've created a figure in `squarekb/QMEE/scripts/assignment3.R.` The first part of my script reads `qmee_data.csv`, creates a factor for eDNA occupancy called "occupancy", and elongates the dataframe by placing all environmental covariates in a column called "env" and all values for env under a new column called "score". My figure uses "facet_wrap()"to display boxplots for each environmental variable by occupancy value (0 or 1). I chose this visualization technique because I found it was a clear way of presenting a high density of information. It follows Cleveland's hierarchy as my data are positioned along common scales in each graph, area and colour are also used in conjunction with a common scale. To answer your previous question, the simulated data is 'qmee_data.csv' which I used in this assignment.

BS: I've created two scripts for assignment #2, `inat_cleaning.R` and `simple_map.R`. My first script, `inat-cleaning.R`, reads in a csv file of observations I downloaded from iNaturalist.com, a website that compiles citizen science observation all over the world. I specifically downloaded all observations of "winged and once-winged insects" (subclass Pterygota) in Hamilton, Ontario. The data came with some errors that I cleaned up. I removed observations that were not of the highest quality (research grade), and I removed observations whose coordinates were obscured. Additionally, I got rid of `NA` values in the `common_name` column by mutating them with the values in the scientific_name column. I then created an rds file (`inat.rds`) that could be read into a new script. That new script was named `simple_map.R`. I read in `inat.rds` and created a simple map of each observation using ggplot and `geom_point`. I believe both scripts should be run from `squarekb/QMEE` or anywhere on your computer since all the data called is in the repository. In terms of further investgations, it might be interesting to bring in an additional layer with land cover types (forest, urban, wetland) to see which types have the greatest species diversity. This same process could be replicated for different cities/geographies and the results could be compared. To answer your previous questions, unfortunately I simulated the data in excel so I don't have any code to share. 

BMB: Can you post the Excel sheet for the simulation? (That's code too ...)

JD: Simulated data sets are cool -- are you posting code for how you created it?

BS: I created a simulated data set for use in this course. This data set is meant to mimic the data I will collect in the field this summer.
The data set describes the presence (1) or absence (0) of Blanding's turtles at 30 simulated sites using eDNA as a field survey technique. At each site, water quality and environmental covariates (pH, salinity, temperature, etc.) are included. The biological question of interest is whether or not certain environmental factors have a significant influence the availability of Blanding's Turtle eDNA in the environment. It is expected that certain environmental factors contribute to eDNA degredation, and can influence the detection of Blanding's Turtles at a given site.
